# PEACE
PEACE: A Dataset of Pharmaceutical Care for Cancer Pain Analgesia Evaluation and Medication Decision

# Abstract
Over half of cancer patients experience long-term pain management challenges. Recently, interest has grown in systems for cancer pain treatment effectiveness assessment (TEA) and medication recommendation (MR) to optimize pharmacological care. These systems aim to improve treatment effectiveness by recommending personalized medication plans based on comprehensive patient information. Despite progress, current systems lack multidisciplinary treatment (MDT) team assessments of treatment and the patient's perception of medication, crucial for effective cancer pain management. Moreover, managing cancer pain medication requires multiple adjustments to the treatment plan based on the patient's evolving condition, a detail often missing in existing datasets. To tackle these issues, we designed the PEACE dataset specifically for cancer pain medication research. It includes detailed pharmacological care records for over 38,000 patients, covering demographics, clinical examination, treatment outcomes, medication plans, and patient self-perceptions. Unlike existing datasets, PEACE records not only long-term and multiple follow-ups both inside and outside hospitals but also includes patients' self-assessments of medication effects and the impact on their lives. We conducted a proof-of-concept study with 11 machine learning algorithms on the PEACE dataset for the TEA (classification task) and MR (regression task). These experiments provide valuable insights into the potential of the PEACE dataset for advancing personalized cancer pain management. The dataset is accessible at: [https://github.com/YTYTYD/PEACE].

# For Reviewers
See **supplementary material** for data
